1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* 
'hello' -- value
-87.8   -- value
-       -- expression
/       -- expression
+	    -- expression
6        -- value

2. What is the difference between string and variable?

   Variables are symbols that you can use to store data in a program .They are reserved memory location to store values whereas String is a  collection of alphabets ,words or other characters
   

3. Describe three different data types.
  
   Following are the three data types
   
   1. Numeric data type - It represents the data that has a numeric value.It can be an integer,floating number or even a complex number
       Integers – This value is represented by int class. It contains positive or negative whole numbers (without fractions or decimals). 
       Float – This value is represented by the float class. It is a real number with a floating-point representation. It is specified by a decimal point.         
       Complex Numbers – A complex number is represented by a complex class. It is specified as (real part) + (imaginary part)j.
       
   2.Boolean Data Type - Data type with one of the two built-in values, True or False. Boolean objects that are equal to True are truthy (true), and those equal to False are falsy (false).  It is denoted by the class bool. 
   
   3.Dictionary Data Type -A dictionary in Python is an unordered collection of data values,used to store data values like a map, unlike other Data Types that hold only a single value as an element, a Dictionary holds a key: value pair. Key-value is provided in the dictionary to make it more optimized. Each key-value pair in a Dictionary is separated by a colon: , whereas each key is separated by a ‘comma’.
   
  
 
4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
   An expression is a combination of operators and operands that is interpreted to produce some other value. Expressions compute and        assign values to variables and to help control  the execution flow of a program


5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?

   An expression usually refers to a piece of code that can be evaluated to a value where as a statement refers to a piece of code that executes a specific instruction or tells the computer to complete a task . Expressions can be assigned or used as operands, while         statements can only be declared.          

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
   bacon = 22
   bacon + 1
   
   bacon will contain 23

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
  'spam' + 'spamspam'
  'spam' * 3
   
    Both the terms will give 'spamspamspam'

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
    Eggs is a valid name but not 100 because identifier name cannot begin with a digit
   
9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
   The int(), float(), and str() functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value.


10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
   'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
   
   This expression causes an error as we can concatenate only strings not int.In order to      fix it  we can either convert '99'to a string or we can use comma instead of +.
   
    Example-'I have eaten ' + '99' +' burritos.' or I have eaten ' ,99 ,' burritos.'

